Mods that have slight issues that may have a minor impact while playing in VR.
If a mod has compatibility problems that can make it unplayable or extremely difficult to play, it should be upgraded to Major Problems instead.

Bartending (Can select Slot 2 from the Bottled Drinks Menu)
Blockbusters (Colliders overlapping to make pressing center buttons difficult)
Boolean Venn-Diagram (Visual De-sync between eyes after sector has been pressed)
Broken Guitar Chords/Guitar Chords (Difficult to press frets due to how precise you must be vs. shaky-ness of human hands vs. latency of VR)
Button Sequences (Collider seems too deep into the module. Unsure if its VR specific but highlights seem to be missing)
Chord Qualities (Visual De-sync for indicator light between eyes.)
Double Decker Bomb Case (Collider allows for clipping into table surfaces. May Not have Case Collider at all)
Laundry (All dial symbols except "Machine Wash Permanent Press" and "Tumble Dry" have visual De-sync. Models are fine)
LED Encryption (Visual De-sync for color stage indicators only)
Logical Buttons (Visual De-sync for Button Colors except for Red.)
Mahjong (Can press tiles that are behind the shown/available tile)
Melody Sequencer (Difficult to press keys due to how precise you must be vs. shaky-ness of human hands vs. latency of VR)
Micro-Modules (Difficult to press selectables due to how precise you must be vs. shaky-ness of human hands vs. latency of VR)
Monsplode Trading (Visual Desync for card graphics only)
Nonogram (Visual De-sync for color indicators only)
Periodic Table (Difficult to press elements due to how precise you must be vs. shaky-ness of human hands vs. latency of VR)
Poetry (Visual De-sync with graphic of girl)
Resistors (Visual De-sync for gold connector points and resistor color bands)
Rhythms (Visual De-sync for Unlit Rhythm light)
Rot Decoding (Difficult to press letters due to how precise you must be vs. shaky-ness of human hands vs. latency of VR)
Simon Speaks (Visual De-sync for Text only)
Splitting the Loot (Visual De-sync for Red and Blue bag colors)
Timezones (Visual De-sync for AM, PM, 12hr, and 24hr indicators)
Visual Impairment (Visual De-Sync for all except the darkest shade of Grey. Color Indicator also has De-sync)

All Needies Below are the only needies that have minor issues. If it is not listed here or in Major Problems, It can be safely assumed that it has worked in testing.

Needies:
Hex-to-Decimal (Hard to land on the correct number, frequently double presses buttons)
Tetris (Visual De-Sync for highlighted piece and button symbols)
